Before we move on to rest API features which is a whole new block or a whole new way of interacting
with the client and of which we got to taste with our asynchronous javascript, before we do that,
let's finish our online shop by adding some payment functionality because what would be a shop without
being able to pay? Now for that in this module, we'll add a simple checkout page.
We'll collect some payment data,
so credit card data from our user and we'll finally do the purchase, charge that credit card or at least
simulate the charge in this module
and well of course then still store the order as we did it before.
Now for that, I'll use a third party provider, stripe which is a great provider for integrating payment
into your application
and I will show you how to integrate it step by step.